= Marvin

Marvin is a plugin/gem to easily host your own Jabber Chat bot. It uses XMPP4R library internally.

== USAGE

Download the latest code from github.
	gem build marvin.gemspec
	gem install marvin

To create a keyword for the bot, generate a new class, and just include Marvin::Handler. Add the command regex, syntax and the description ( these will
be used by help command to generate a list of all keywords ). Add the handle method, which will be called if the incoming body matches the regex. Example - 

	class SomeKeyword
	  include Marvin::Handler
	  
	  command :regex => /keyword/, :syntax => "keyword", :description => "Does nothing"
	  
	  def handle(from, body, bot)
	    # from - is the Jabbed User_Id from where the message came
	    # body - is the body of the message
	    # bot  - is the object, which can be used to reply to the user.
	    
	    # do something here
	    puts "I m doing nothing"
	    bot.reply( from, "I have done nothing")
	  end
	end

To start the bot,

	bot = Marvin::Android.new("user_id@host.com", "password")
	bot.listen

This will start listening for the incoming messages and handle them.

Check basic.rb in examples folder to see the usage.

== Contributing to marvin
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Vinkesh. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

